Why don't you want to
I don't know.
There are many women who like me
But all these years
I've never been moved
I always felt like I belonged on the battlefield.
Belonging to the state
Until I saw you just now
I suddenly realized
I can still belong to a woman
Come and sit next to me.
Uh no I'll just sit here you know
I don't like people without obligations
Lord Jade Emperor
I adore you
I also wanted to be with you
But what but me
I was completely unprepared.
What kind of mental preparation do you need?
At the right time
Meet the right person
This is love.
What's wrong with me?
The emperor confessed to me
Will you marry me
Why don't I agree?
So I heard.
There are a lot of my fantasies in your room
Yes, yes, yes.
The security guard also said that you swore not to marry me
This front line
Why are you saying everything?
I thought so
You have this idea
And I happen to like you
Then what are you still hesitating about?
I didn't hesitate.